# DIGITAL-CERTIFICATE-SYSTEM-FOR-VERIFICATION-OF-EDUCATIONAL-CERTIFICATES-USING-BLOCKCHAIN
The blockchain era grow to be these day’s possibilities to deliver new business models on quite consolidated  markets. Using blockchain inside the schooling zone is one of the maximum challenging regions in which outcomes  within the mid and long term can be carried out. The verification of educational documents can hard for manual  way and hence these fraud peoples or candidates can take a chance to enter in this way at company. That’s why we  design and develop a custom blockchain based system to make a digital certificates and store in different blocks  with cipher-text (encrypted) format using AES encryption technique. By using this way our system can store maximum amount of data in different block and any one can change data blocks that time our system can restore  those data by using proxy server and hold original data in data blocks and to avoid fake data.  In this proposed system first take students data like educational details and educational certificates and generate  Quick Response code and serial number of that data and it will authenticate by server system. When student or  candidate can enter the company that time company verify these data by scanning the quick response code and  secret key. If any data block generate wrong value that time it will show fake candidate or fake data. And it will  recovered those data block and show original data by company and in this way to avoid fake certificates and fake  candidates.
